Reworking docs, quickstart, and zenml go (#589)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/misc/best-practices.md

│   ├── training_pipeline
│   │   ├── .dockerignore
│   │   ├── config.yaml
│   │   ├── Dockerfile
│   │   ├── training_pipeline.py
│   │   ├── requirements.txt
│   ├── deployment_pipeline
│   │   ├── ...
├── steps                       <- All steps in one place
│   ├── loader_step
│   │   ├── loader_step.py
│   ├── training_step
│   │   ├── ...
├── .dockerignore 
├── .gitignore
├── config.yaml
├── Dockerfile
├── README.md
├── requirements.txt
├── run.py
└── setup.sh
```

## Best Practices and Tips

#### Pass requirements to your pipelines through the decorator:

```python
from zenml.integrations.constants import TENSORFLOW
from zenml.pipelines import pipeline

@pipeline(required_integrations=[TENSORFLOW])
def training_pipeline():
    ...
```

Writing your pipeline like this makes sure you can change out the orchestrator
at any point without running into dependency issues.

#### Nest `pipeline_instance.run()` in `if __name__ == "__main__"`

```python
pipeline_instance = training_pipeline(...)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    pipeline_instance.run()
```

This ensures that loading the pipeline from elsewhere does not also run it.

> #### Don't use the same metadata stores across  multiple artifact stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Don't use the same metadata stores across multiple artifact stores
```

You might run into issues as the metadata store will point at artifacts in
inactive artifact stores.

#### Never call the pipeline instance `pipeline` or a step instance `step`

This will overwrite the imported `pipeline` and `step` decorators.

#### Use profiles to manage stacks

#### Use unique pipeline names across projects, especially if used with the same metadata store

> Pipeline names are their unique identifiers, as such using the same name for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipeline names are their unique identifiers, so using the same name for
```

different pipelines will create a mixed history of runs between the two 
pipelines.

#### Check which integrations are required for registering a stack component 

> You can do so by running zenml flavor list and installing the integration(s) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do so by running `zenml flavor list` and installing the integration(s) 
```

if missing with zenml integration install.

#### Initialize the zenml repository in the root of the source code tree of a project, even if it's optional

> This will set the zenml project root for the project and ...

Reviewer: TO BE ADDED
